add vehicle management tab where it only dislay tenant vehicle with currently renting status

better date chooser that support vietnamese and be able to directly enter day, month, year

add room type and area in tenant information view if they are currently renting

ma so thue
Show example format in the hint text or helper text
If supporting multiple countries, add country-specific tax code validation

add app icon

Never trust what a user types into a TextField. Someone might try to send 10GB of text or a script.  Always validate length, format, and type on the server side.

Application-level security

Firestore rules only protect the database. Your app code might still leak data if you return sensitive fields accidentally.

Privilege escalation in app logic

If your app lets users call admin-only functions without proper checks, Firestore rules can’t stop it unless those functions are backed by secure server code or callable functions.

Other attack vectors

XSS, CSRF, social engineering, phishing, or compromised user accounts are outside Firestore rules.

Firestore rules only enforce who can read/write what; they don’t defend against every type of hack.

can't create or join or refreshInviteCode with new rule


If you are talking about protecting your logic and preventing hackers from messing with your data when you release your app, there are three layers you need to handle:
1. Hide the Logic (Code Obfuscation)
When you build your Flutter app for the App Store or Play Store, hackers can "decompile" your app to see your code. To prevent them from reading your logic (like how you generate invite codes), you should use obfuscation.
When you build your app, use this command:
code
Bash
flutter build apk --obfuscate --split-debug-info=/<directory>
# or
flutter build ios --obfuscate --split-debug-info=/<directory>
What this does: It renames all your classes and variables to nonsense like a, b, c. Even if someone "opens" your code, they won't understand what OrganizationService or refreshInviteCode is.
2. Protect the Keys (Firebase Config)
You might worry about the Firebase configuration (API Keys, Project ID) in your firebase_options.dart.
The Truth: These keys are not secret. Every single Flutter/Firebase app has these strings embedded in the binary.
The Solution: You don't protect the keys; you protect the database. Even if a hacker has your API Key, they cannot read any data unless they have a valid login and pass your Security Rules.
3. Protect the Data (The "Security Rules" Wall)
This is the most important part. Once your app is in the hands of users, you must assume someone will try to call your Firestore directly without using your Flutter app.
Because we used the Composite ID (uid_orgId) and the Registry Pattern (invite_codes), your data is safe even if the attacker knows your "predictable" logic:
Predictable Path logic: If a hacker sees in your code that memberships are stored at memberships/uid_orgId, they might try to read memberships/HACKER-UID_YOUR-ORG-ID.
Why they fail: Your Security Rule resource.data.ownerId == request.auth.uid or exists(...) checks the Server's authentication, not the user's input. The server says: "I don't care if you know the path; you aren't the person who belongs in this path. Access Denied."
4. Checklist for a Production Release
Firebase App Check: (Highly Recommended) Enable Firebase App Check. This ensures that only your specific app can talk to your Firebase backend. If a hacker tries to use a script or a fake app with your keys, Firebase will block them entirely.
Remove Print Statements: Make sure you aren't printing sensitive info to the console.
code
Dart
if (kDebugMode) {
  print('✅ Organization created');
}
Security Rules "Lockdown": Ensure you have no "True" rules left.
❌ allow read, write: if true; (NEVER use this in release)
✅ allow read: if request.auth != null && exists(...);
IP/Domain Whitelisting: If you release for Web, go to the Google Cloud Console and restrict your API Keys so they only work on your specific domain (e.g., yourapp.com).
Summary
If you use Obfuscation and Strict Security Rules, it doesn't matter if people can "open" your code. They will see a mess of garbled letters, and even if they find your database URL, the Security Rules will act as a 24/7 guard that blocks them from seeing anyone else's data.
Do you feel confident in the Security Rules we wrote, or do you want to double-check any specific part before you go live?

flutter build apk --release --obfuscate --split-debug-info=symbols/android
flutter build windows --release --obfuscate --split-debug-info=symbols/windows

Use kReleaseMode: Use this constant to disable all print() logs in your release app so users don't see your debug data in the Windows Event Viewer.